"Not content with attacking working people, the Government have also introduced the gran and grandad tax-not just granny tax-through cutting £3 billion of support in tax allowances for over-65-year-old citizens."
"How is that compatible with good child safeguarding procedures, and how will he ensure that children who have caring responsibilities, and who often do not let their schools know that they have them, are not adversely impacted by this retrograde proposal?"
"In an increasingly global economy, it is not surprising that many skilled workers come to the UK for a short time to fill a temporary skills gap, or perhaps to experience work in another country, but-this is an important point-reducing migration is not just about reducing the numbers coming here."
"The end point is not the inspection, but the referendum."
My right hon.
"Friend the Member for Calder Valley (Craig Whittaker) referred-I visited him in Mytholmroyd to see some of the progress on them-and which were published last year, include an integrated approach to managing catchment areas."
Not only does it undermine the rule of law but it has serious consequences for the lives of many.
Friend for his comments in relation to what I have been doing.
"The Government have been absolutely silent about market failure in this public service, as a result of which literally thousands of elderly people are now concerned about where they will spend their future."
I heard from the vice-chancellor last week that more than 400 people have already applied to be among that first intake of 100.
"In addition to Ofsted's inspection of individual children's homes, Ofsted's local authority inspections always report on the responses of local authorities and their partners to missing incidents, highlighting good practice and identifying specific areas for improvement."
"It is an opportunity for anyone with concerns and, in particular, specific recommendations about how the system can be improved-goodness knows, no system is ever perfect-to strike now."
"We should also recognise the amazing work that many specialist schools are doing to ensure that children with autism, who also have amazing talents, can express and develop their abilities."
"Many of those affected will have been striving to save lives in Syria, Iraq and elsewhere."
"He played a second game of chess, and he lost."
That point about aspiration and ambition was echoed by the group of young people from the Respond Academy-a youth group from Hastings led by JC McFee-that the hon.
"So although I appreciate that there are many people who for ethical reasons do not wish to eat meat, and although those who wish to be vegetarian or vegan must of course be free to do so-I have two vegetarians and a vegan in my close family-I think it is wholly unrealistic for those who have an instinctive, ethical or intellectual opposition to livestock production to think that the world is going to abandon cattle, goat, pig or poultry production."
"Secondly, if the debts will not be written off, it would be helpful if Ministers and civil servants could consider ways in which debt can be refinanced and reprogrammed so that it does not cost as much, particularly for boroughs that have a large amount of council and public sector stock and that want to maintain the quality of it in generations to come, when additional numbers of people will be knocking on the door asking to be housed."
"In my constituency unemployment has doubled, and the number of young people who are unemployed has risen by 28%."
That appears to be what the Chancellor has now started demanding.
Have the Government had an opportunity to raise the subject with other western countries?
"Groups such as the women's institutes, thriving church organisations and other local charities are not just about “Jam and Jerusalem”; sometimes they might also be about a glass of warm beer or chilled chardonnay."
"Member for Hartlepool (Mr Wright), said:“We have reiterated time and again in this Committee the need to ensure that houses that are too large for people's current needs are allocated accordingly.”-- That is what Labour said in Government."
"For many poor families in Afghanistan and Pakistan, a madrassa is often the only option to ensure that their children receive free education and safe lodgings; I mean “safe” in the loosest sense of the word."
I know that the hon.
The hon.
"I do apologise, Dr McCrea, and I shall ensure that I project more efficiently around the room."
The problem they face is that finding the skilled people to build houses in areas like Cambridgeshire is near impossible.
"I am far from convinced that the introduction of NEST and auto-enrolment will make much difference to the gender gap in private pension provision or do enough to help women secure a comfortable lifestyle in old age, given that they will be more dependent on what they have saved."
"It is wrong that women who have worked hard-doing all sorts of things, not necessarily paid work-for many years are now being denied their well-deserved pension for an extra 18 months with so little notice."
"Since we know that both children and schools can achieve that, it is right that we set it as a minimum standard."
"It was an act that has since reverberated through my family, and for many other people."
"While I was the Minister with responsibility for cancer, I was pleased to help launch the work that Age UK and Macmillan were doing to pilot new ways of ensuring that more older people would gain access to cancer treatments."
"The five-year gilt is usually at a 2% premium to the retail price index, but it is currently at a 3% discount to RPI."
"As we sorely know, too many children and young people, especially those who find themselves in custody and in the care system, far too often find their way in life in the most desperate of circumstances."
"He said:“I can tell you, with a Conservative Government the amount of money following your child into school will not be cut.”There is one question that the Secretary of State has to answer today: will she keep her party's promise to the British people?"
He spent his life in education and was one of the men who got the school to that status.
The rapid response team are working alongside the special managers.
"When the latest peace agreement was reached, Palestinian authorities stood by and allowed seven Palestinians to be killed after allegations were made that they had given information to Israel."
"We want this to rise to meet the aspirations of everyone who can work-families who have been put in poverty, and vulnerable disabled people who are the subject of this debate."
These standards now give the CQC an effective power to prosecute providers in cases where a failure to meet standards results in avoidable harm or a significant risk of such harm.
"Even worse, some people receive a massive pay-out and then pop up in another council as a highly paid consultant."
It is a women-only company made up of six women.
"We are in the process of a consultation, are listening to views, including those made during this debate, and will come to a settled view in due course."
"Will he reassure students, the university and the many local people who rely on it that he is willing to help, and will he meet me and the university's vice chancellor to discuss the issues involved?"
"Tax rises on working people would harm our economy, reduce living standards and cost jobs.”That was not me or Labour MPs, but the Tory manifesto."
"Some 300 workers in Middlesbrough and 400 in Stockton South, the constituency represented by the northern powerhouse Minister, will be affected by these closures."
"In the coming years, the Government will be devolving control of skills funding, so we need to ensure that we do not end up with a patchwork of provision across the country."
"The Under-Secretary of State for Health, my hon."
"They trooped through the Lobby, claiming to be the party of the workers but voting to reduce their incomes."
I am from a family of immigrants: my family have only been in the UK since about 1066.
"If we are to build a balanced society, bringing up our children in a fair and good way, surely it is very important to bring forward the ideas encompassed in this Bill in order to help society as a whole."
"Mr Roderick is often cited by Labour Members as representing independent legal advice, but that is what he says."
"Lady asked about freight, and it is important to be clear that freight traffic will play a key part in the development of Heathrow-I have no doubt of that."
"In particular, advances in genomics are already having a positive impact on patients with rare diseases."
Women hold 50% of all the positions in their organisation-that is better than we do in the UK.
"Will he tell the House what ongoing discussions there are with the Pakistan Government to encourage them in what they have been doing to bring security to the border with Afghanistan, so that there is no hiding place for terrorists and insurgents there?"
"The Under-Secretary of State for Communities and Local Government, my hon."
"Martin was an inspirational individual, a wonderful family man and an outstanding head of maths."
All this stacks up to a compelling argument.
"I wonder whether the invitation could be extended to my family, who were in Barbados at the time and experienced what happened at first hand."
The lives of countless families and young people are being ruined.
It will protect smart meter services for both consumers and businesses by providing the enabling framework for a special administration regime for the national data and communications provider.
This remains an intense and challenging campaign and one that is in our national interest.
That demonstrates that the minimum wage legislation is not working anyway and is widely ignored.
"The emphasis in this debate has been, rightly, on flood defence."
"They also face high debt if they manage to get through university, difficulty getting on the housing ladder and having to fund care for their elderly parents while paying hefty funds into their pension schemes and bringing up their children."
"Under the Bill, evidence can be presented by the Government that the other side and their defence lawyers cannot see."
"In towns such as Wigan we built family-sized properties on purpose, because that was what people wanted and needed."
"The IRA, becoming increasingly desperate because the security forces had not entered the area, never mind the property, tried a number of ruses to attract the police into the area so that they might trigger the device."
"Trade unions could help to monitor and enforce the minimum wage by ensuring, when they complain about non-compliance, that such complaints are investigated by HMRC as a matter of course, which would make a big impact."
"It would be for the United Kingdom to determine which of those we wished to be in, were it necessary-as my hon."
"If people think men have life easy, they need to think again when it comes to families."
"I am fascinated to find out more about the Commonwealth Trade Ministers meeting in February or March, which could be really good for building blocs for Brexit."
I understand that there are currently 150 apprentices working on the site.
"Before I close my remarks, I would like to touch on the New Era estate in Hackney, which illustrates some wider issues and whose tenants are faced with predator American developers and may be evicted by Christmas."
LGC and other providers are first-rate scientific laboratories.
"We have already started with a crackdown on agency spend and a crackdown on consultancy spend, and with the work that Lord Carter, a Labour peer, has done to improve hospital procurement and rostering."
"Mediation will not always be appropriate, however, particularly when domestic violence is involved."
"I voted to remain, and the decision was difficult for me."
"Does the Minister agree that an essential part of probation for reoffenders is monitored interaction within the community, and that community service can be a useful tool for reintegration in society?"
"Such measures could include raising awareness of examples where local areas are taking a more informal approach to issues through, for example, restorative justice or working with potential offenders."
"Three Court of Appeal judges have overturned the convictions of 20 environmental protestors, ruling that crucial evidence recorded by an undercover officer, Mark Kennedy, operating under the false name of Mark Stone, was withheld from the original trial."
That fact shows that there is no disproportionate impact of the type he claimed.
"In fact, that legislation did not change the configuration and organisation of hospitals, although that is how it is routinely portrayed by Opposition Members."
I will be lobbying the Government strongly on behalf of my residents in North Cornwall to ensure we get our fair share of this funding.
Member for Leigh (Andy Burnham) has dealt with the Government both today and yesterday.
"We have talked about private finance in the NHS, but we should also bear in mind that money is not going into primary care and GP services."
That undertaking was broken and Ukraine is now suffering because of the absence of those weapons.
"No one can doubt that the difficulties in many member states-youth unemployment running at over 53% in Spain and Greece and vastly increased unemployment among young people and others in all member states, with one or two exceptions-are the result of the economic policies that have been pursued under the existing treaties."
"He quite rightly points out that Brexit creates uncertainty, which business does not like, but on the welfare cap and overall welfare spending, can he identify any advantages from Brexit?"
"Gentleman is making an important point, because clearly many Welsh patients rely heavily on medical services provided in England."
The hon.
"Given the approach to healthcare students I have outlined, most people would think the Government had taken leave of their senses."
"I am going to continue, because I want to make a very specific point about Northern Ireland, given its unique position and the fact that it will be the only part of the UK to share a border with the EU."
I am tempted to revive that old parliamentary chestnut: “I refer the hon.
"In my experience, most people in work look at those who are unemployed and say, “Thank God it's not me!” They do not say that it is unfair that their benefits are being increased; they say, “There but for the grace of God go I.”I have mentioned the massive lack of confidence in our proposals, but there could be another reason for these measures, although I hope that it is not true."
It was only with the help of the BDA that we managed to identify availability at the far-distant yet ever so slightly closer practice in Morecambe.
Some families may be unable to cover the shortfall and be forced to move.
My hon.
